README.md, before:

# Cellular-Automata 🔬
Last update 09/04/2024

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35543500/111094823-74c67200-8512-11eb-912b-8e90c0995334.mp4)

This purpose of this project is to test different research ideas for cellular automata. This is in the form of hypotheses, demos, simulations, and unstructured trial/error. Some of these hypotheses are:

- How can we detect the self-producing cycles?
- Can a Reinforcement Learning Agent interact with a CA environment to create a desired state?


This set of programs creates and simulates scenarios of Cellular Automata, particularly the Game of Life. 

* Conway's Game of Life Interactive

    I am currently in the process of implementing an interactive demonstration where one can draw different pre-set patterns to a Game of Life simulation. The goal of this is to allow the user the ease of making new patterns, observing simulations of natural e
    phenomena, or discovering new features.

    View the interactive cellular automata demonstration [here](https://kcelebi.github.io/cellular-automata/visualize/inter.html)

* Cellular Automata Dataset

    Conway's Game of Life is not the only set of rules for Cellular Automata. I want to bridge some of my focus to other rules, such as rule 30, and perhaps create a dataset for the purpose of analyzing the different patterns that appear. This project is still in the planning stages


### automata

This is a processing file that, more or less, does the same thing as ``automata.html``. It uses the scenarios located in the ``scenarios`` folder to simulate.

Commit message:

Adding initial test file setup

README.md, after:

# Cellular-Automata 🔬
Last update 09/04/2024

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35543500/111094823-74c67200-8512-11eb-912b-8e90c0995334.mp4)

This purpose of this project is to test different research ideas for cellular automata. This is in the form of hypotheses, demos, simulations, and unstructured trial/error. Some of these hypotheses are:

- How can we detect the self-producing cycles?
- How can we detect moving cycles? (mobiles)
- Can a Reinforcement Learning Agent interact with a CA environment to create a desired state?

## How to Use

### Repo Structure


## Contributing

## Release Notes

* Conway's Game of Life Interactive

    I am currently in the process of implementing an interactive demonstration where one can draw different pre-set patterns to a Game of Life simulation. The goal of this is to allow the user the ease of making new patterns, observing simulations of natural phenomena, or discovering new features.

    View the interactive cellular automata demonstration [here](https://kcelebi.github.io/cellular-automata/visualize/inter.html)

* Cellular Automata Dataset

    Conway's Game of Life is not the only set of rules for Cellular Automata. I want to bridge some of my focus to other rules, such as rule 30, and perhaps create a dataset for the purpose of analyzing the different patterns that appear. This project is still in the planning stages
